You have now watched video clips
handed over the desayas to repeat
passing the game a year ago I saw more often
desktop rather than brave adventures
my knight
after getting insulator they were
mistakes and the blue screen of the death of the church of the village
there was a period but the fans beat
guest caller distracted from falling
UAH then they were sent
developers they preferred to work on
the old fashioned missed fake desai
fat has been passed to her even commendable
put
although we are additions
mow dod dots and right to get will not bring
homes, give them only time
time seems to be given a year went by singing
don came along with him so
it's time to check
is it worth spending free time
along with the deceased
The first reading of the supplement is very bright.
Well, such as after a date
encore head
but let's get everything in order
For starters, we note at least the fact that our
the hero moves on global and with
so fast
her words will not be used here soon
can
the hero moves so thought that it is clear that
you can turn into andorra yourself
while he gives from one point to another
This is an element of immersion chtoli
feel like a real zombie
imagine that your legs were blamed
Mogilev delegitimation raised
you and the earth made 5 before
okay god bless him let found
moves like an infinite way
mode may be someone afraid of high
speed when he finds peace
and rest
glory
the logic is $ 5 a barrel
and because it is impossible to understand how
so who is all the same work on
game balance
who are these people who went first
head mood or at a difficult level
guys addressing you personally we think
her ranks or you just failed
did not get to pass
why it is done according to standard
prime attacking one of the first
cities on the map is literally the second or
third fight in the game against us t-shirts
only
wolves and now see what
happens wolves they attack three times
more often than we and byut markup companies and
so every time
i restart birth 15 35 and once but
the enemies don't even notice that I can walk they
again and again the dishes themselves are for whom
to play in the past that bored poories
for days to stand on one point quota
entertaining we how can internship they
we are soms stretched a dozen times in a row
knocking out their images to find things
bear
another example is ruble
vodka but this is one of the first opponents
get and war if near shooters
turn out to be a concentration point we
lose almost
automatically and what is characteristic of these
concentration of power appear erect
regularly entertain yourself goal by typing bye
we will not see the battlefield which does not
the radio is twice as strong as us
for on the one hand will be notified
initiative who is the other tactical
field and giving the question given the strength and we
in the hands of only the tool
save loading done this work
over and over my voice
the same opinion is omnipotent maternity hospital not
let the wolves eat my first round
wars yes they bite me seven times in a row
and yes, I understand that the strategy should be
difficult in order to break his head
analyze the situation choose
the most correct decisions we play this genre
fund of reflection but the point is it is time
thinking not lost departure wearing
with random number generator not
we are added to the ducts of the local maternity hospital
We're not playing a game of strategy.
customs design first chapter
on the complex the more thirds third of the chicago
ways as it was in the original here us
wolves bite our eyes palm and misery
and here we call a unicorn for 300 coins
which deal with these creatures for 15
point and we are already dancing
in the end we play so we are waiting for the purchase
invocation spells then go fight
again, waiting for Adele any
then our troops are pumped over we
will visit the werewolf then already
free start playing all the same
strategy they mix onanism sandpaper
die roll
yes yes, I know that at the easy level we
immediately give the go-ahead who showed to
magicians and other ray who is here
the main one but I repeat the level was difficult
must be difficult and not random complexity
development and in terms of quantity
using him a diploma would be your father
however after we assume the game
difficulties you can start scolding or for
unnecessarily prostate next chapters to us
already the opposite is trying it
unduly comfortable
comes to the point of absurdity first about second second
half can cause damage
werewolf
our fighter simply does not have him
attacks
at the head of the head it is possible for me to lose
see, it's impossible
who tested the bank after all
apathetic elephant
This is the style of corsairs and maybe I'm all
the little pig then how have he looked
get out
I
and yes because to
but
and what is the most offensive gas
swipe for sorry
call it need for happiness no
true how much I watch desayi
repeat always like was 7
a year ago when ours did it
but then the base of the balance curve was killed very
much this time with stability all
more or less ok yes and talent cured
the whole brain and no longer
turn super strong monsters
peasant tickets
on the balance still limping by two
half a game is too long
difficult to pick up on easy one side
we learn by rebooting the location by
87 times with another we plant for the keyboard to search
accumulated protection measures she easily
there is a whole chapter
because you have to somewhere
Beta almost 30 fine moment will turn out
the game will unfold you begin to notice
so beautiful it’s still painted
bears as the author correctly transmits
essence
will once again admire the most
beautiful global map seeing what
the local battle system is better than the second
first parts
turn naya on pumping on
variance UAH and it is possible to create
unique hero
but to see it you have to be damn
keen gold miners
who is ready smeared walk
giving all the power to work and break 34
shovels in order to finally see something for what
he did not
dollars but only if everyone has enough
it's strength
don't blame his case all around
sheindlin was wider
talked about themselves
I need this
general attitude
it's time to be
in reality
only the corner who scored
I advise
exist in europe
however
if not
because it is for dollars
Samantha Stosur
there is observed with high cost
almost like cska
today for the clarity of the decisive voice
4 h so the street forces